hey guys Cassey here now today I want to
talk about something that's been
bothering me for the past several months
I noticed that every time I post
something related to food or nutrition I
get a ton of comments just hating on the
way that I eat people telling me that I
am unhealthy and that I am a terrible
role model for eating too little
calories too many calories that I don't
Yolo enough that I Yolo too much that I
eat too clean or I don't really know the
understanding of true clean eating that
I eat chicken periods and cow puss
whoa hold on a second when did your way
become better than my way look I'm all
for learning understanding and then
making wise decisions for my own life
and my own body which mine you is very
different than your body so why do you
feel like it's okay
to praise the way that you eat and say
that my way is absolutely wrong what
really bothers me is that I am seeing
that this healthy living community is
breaking off into these little cults
that simply do not want to accept one
another's views in ways of eating there
are the clean eaters the iifym errs the
low-carb errs the vegans the raw vegans
the paleo people the gluten-free people
from reading the type of comments I see
on Instagram on YouTube on my post and
other people's post too I am seeing and
feeling this rise of religion in the
healthy eating community what I don't
see is people wanting to simply share
information to genuinely help other
people
I see people yelling screaming telling
other people that they're disgusting and
that their way is simply wrong I see
people imposing their beliefs on me and
other people who simply don't eat like
them you know what you got to stop it
stop making nutrition like a religion
because it
by treating one way of eating as the way
you're basically saying that all other
ways are ways of sitting and that if
you're not eating that certain way
you're a sinner hi guys my body is
different than yours yours is different
than mine
what works for me may not work for you
and vice-versa
I was pescetarian in college for four
years I tried being vegan I've done all
sorts of diets and you know what what
really works for me is clean eating it
makes me happy I feel strong I have
energy and most importantly it's
sustainable and I like it if I ain't
gonna tell anybody that they suck for
not eating the way I do look at this
it's like working out you gotta find the
joy in your own workout so if you wake
up and absolutely loathe your next
workout like a chore then I don't think
you should be doing any more for me
personally I love Pilates dance and
weightlifting but for you maybe what
ticks your clock is Zumba running yoga
CrossFit and it's okay
best workout is one that you look
forward to the one that you can stick to
but guys I love you and care about you
so much from the bottom of my heart
that's pretty much why I started
blogging lotty's I just want to share
information with you share with my
friends but what you will never see is
that I will never impose any of my
beliefs on you your food and the way you
eat is your decision you gotta just
experiment and see what works and see
what doesn't your body is pretty darn
smart if it doesn't like something it's
gonna react negatively if it likes
something keep doing it a few days ago
actually got an email from a pop ster
asking for in exchange for her
eight-week hot body meal guide vegan
plan she wanted the regular one I
thought that was pretty weird because if
you're vegan then you probably you know
want to use the vegan plan
she actually explained to me that she's
having a ton of internal health issues
and that she actually went to the doctor
the doctor at the end concluded that she
needed to get off her vegan diet to make
sure that she could nurse herself back
to health now I'm not saying that being
vegan is bad and I'm not saying that
okay don't jump to conclusions I'm just
saying that what works for somebody in
might make them thrive and glow and
everything may not work for somebody
else it could be their detriment look
for me I don't eat dairy because I
noticed that when I cut dairy out of my
diet my skin is clear I no longer have
acne which I had a major problem with
when I was younger and I don't eat bread
and rice because it bloats me it blows
me so much that I basically look like
I'm pregnant down here so I avoid that
and I learned that through trial and
error please remember that there is no
one diet that is perfect for all people
look we're all from different
ethnicities from different families
different cultures different cells
different genes how does it make sense
that we all should be eating the same
thing it doesn't make sense so guys the
moral of today's rant is nutrition is
not a religion simply eat the healthiest
way as possible that makes you happy and
never impose your beliefs on somebody
else there is no one right way there are
many ways to fit and healthy peace Pop's
toes I'll see you next time
boy